Do not recommend React Celo to Developers (#1326)
celo-org/docs: docs/learn/developer-tools.md

### viem

[viem](https://viem.sh/) is a lightweight javascript library for interacting with EVM chains. It supports celo specific features. If you're building with react, consider [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/) a viem wrapper library that speeds up your development time.

### Ethers.JS Wrapper

> A minimal wrapper for ethers to create Create celo Easy Fee Transactions. If paying for gas with tokens is not important for your usecase, then the standard ethers.js works perfectly well.

Reviewer: "create Create" -> "create"

> A minimal wrapper for ethers to create Create celo Easy Fee Transactions. If paying for gas with tokens is not important for your usecase, then the standard ethers.js works perfectly well.

Author: ```suggestion
A minimal wrapper for ethers to create Celo Easy Fee transactions. If paying for gas with tokens is not important for your use case, then the standard ethers.js works perfectly well.
```
